What do you mean by that?
Didn't you agree to sign the contract?
Now the kneeling company has to repent
See for yourself
Weili International
After repeated rigorous inspections
Finally decided to hand over the overseas channels to the officials
Compared to the official family
Officials are more suitable
Long-term cooperation
No, you can't do that.
What you do is against the spirit of the contract.
July Respect People What is that?
Don't you Great Xia have an old saying?
No friends forever
Only eternal interests
Am I right?
Mr. Davis
You have considered it.
You do this
It will seriously affect the reputation of Wiley International
Our Maoist family has a great career
He was in charge of international journalism.
Don't care about this little impact at all
We are very sincere to cooperate with you.
Is the price offered by the official family higher than that of our Shangguan family?
Impossible I don't believe it
No, no, no.
Miss Shangguan misunderstood
The Guan family is nothing at all
I only found out yesterday.
crown family
It turns out that someone else posted it later.
This man is terrible.
I've fought him before
Let's cooperate
So far.
That's not possible.
Hey, how's it going?
Shangguan Li Long
Are you satisfied with this great gift I gave you?